# medussa-women-safety-app
Statistics show that approximately 736 million women have been victims of physical and/or sexual intimate violence by a partner or a non-partner. This figure represents one-third of the world's female population. Every 11 minutes a woman or girl was killed at home in 2020 alone (let alone the roads and public areas). This brings the total to 81,000 women per year. 58% of these individuals were killed by a spouse or family member. As a result, there is an undeniable need for safety apps that can assist women in feeling protected and safe on the road.
Women's safety apps, as the name implies, are apps that improve women's safety. People have created a variety of women's safety apps based on their own or their dear ones' experiences. When a user is in trouble, most apps help notify friends and family. Furthermore, the apps can automatically record the incident in order to report the molester in court. Other apps provide information about nearby medical facilities, navigate the safest path, track options, identify crime hotspot areas, and do a variety of other things.
The statistics effectively and concisely convey the necessity for women's security measures. Promoting the women's safety app is one of the simplest and most efficient remedies to the issue, along with law enforcement and defensive training.
The target market for the app is huge enough to attract millions of downloads. But the motivation behind creating women's security applications goes beyond just making money. It is more akin to making a societal contribution to lowering the rates of crime against women.
1. Save the phone numbers of your valued family members in your local storage, which is one of the features we offer in this project.
2. By just shaking the phone three times, you can call and send messages with real-time locations.
3. Purchase women's safety equipment from small business owners.
